Clarify content_type and payload_preimage_content_type (#69)
cose-wg/draft-ietf-cose-hash-envelope: draft-ietf-cose-hash-envelope.md

Label `3` is easily confused with label `259` payload_preimage_content_type.
The difference between content_type (3) and payload_preimage_content_type (259) is that content_type is used to identify the content format associated with payload, whereas payload_preimage_content_type is used to identify the content format of the bytes which are hashed to produce the payload.

> When the actual content is a bstr, a verifier contemplating a content-type bstr might ask itself if that described the digest bytes or the preimage bytes. With preimage-content-type set to bstr, it is clear that the preimage bytes themselves were a bstr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when the actual content is a bstr, a Verifier appraising a content-type bstr has to decicde if that bstr describes the digest bytes or the preimage bytes. Setting preimage-content-type to bstr, makes it clear that the preimage bytes themselves were a bstr.
```
